Add DevCycle Integration Tile (#1849)
DataDog/integrations-extras: devcycle/README.md

# DevCycle integration

## Overview

DevCycle provides the following integrations with Datadog:

### Feature flag tracking integration

> DevCycle's feature flag tracking integration enriches your RUM data with your feature's variable evaluations to provide visibility into performance monitoring and behavioral changes. Determine which users are shown a user experience and if it is negatively affecting the user's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevCycle's feature flag tracking integration enriches your RUM data with your feature's variable evaluations to provide visibility into performance monitoring and behavioral changes. Determine which users are shown a specific user experience and if it is negatively affecting the user's performance.
```

## Setup

### Feature flag tracking setup

> Feature flag tracking is available in the RUM Browser SDK. For detailed set up instructions, visit the [Getting started with Feature Flag data in RUM][4] guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flag tracking is available in the RUM Browser SDK. For detailed setup instructions, visit the [Getting started with Feature Flag data in RUM][4] guide.
```
